Adding docs for TELCODOCS-1985: Day-2 upgrades for telco core clusters (#83448)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/telco-upgrade-upgrading-all-the-olm-operators.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * edge_computing/day_2_core_cnf_clusters/upgrading/telco-upgrade-completing-the-upgrade.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="telco-upgrade-upgrading-all-the-olm-operators_{context}"]
= Upgrading all the OLM Operators

> In the second phase of a multi-version upgrade, you need to approve all of the Operators and additionally add install plans for any other Operators that you want to upgrade.

Reviewer: Is "install plan" official, or should it be "installation plan"?

```suggestion
In the second phase of a multi-version upgrade, you must approve all of the Operators and additionally add installations plans for any other Operators that you want to upgrade.
```

.Procedure

> * Follow the same procedure as outlined in "Monitoring the cluster upgrade".

Reviewer: Isn't the monitoring part just actually watching the updates happen? It's not actually updating anything, like the title here implies (and the next sentence implies)?

Author: Good catch! Fixing this.
